 Epsilon Fighter
 -------------
 Version 0.1
 Written by Chris Thielen (chris@epiar.net)
 
 Contents
 --------
 I. Introduction
 II. License
 III. Story
 IV. Installation
 V. How to play
 VI. Contact
 
 I. Introduction
 ---------------
     Epsilon Fighter is a two-dimensional space action/arcade game set in
 the style of an old DOS computer game. The graphics are purposefully
 pixelated and the music is meant to sound like an old primitive MIDI
 sound card. The focus of the game is gameplay: story, action, and all the
 other subtle game aspects that don't get much attention in the world of
 flashy 3D graphics and sound. </rant>
 
 II. License
 -----------
     Epsilon Fighter is licensed under the GNU GPL v2. A copy of this license
 is available in the LICENSE file that came with this game.
 
 III. Story
 ----------
 IMC Headquarters. April 29, 2486. 4:32 am local time.
 
     " Sorry to wake you, sir, the computer is reporting that it has lost
 contact with Colony 12."
     " Colony 12? That's one of the deep space research stations, right?"
	 " Yes sir, on the southern continent of Galanti II."
	 " That's far away leuitenant. I wouldn't be alarmed until the tetriary
 contact window has passed. Not all communications makes it that far
 across the galaxy you know? Gotta try a couple times."
     " Yes, I understand that, sir, but the tetriary contact window has
 passed."
     " How long ago?"
	 " Two days."
	 " These systems have backups of backups of backups, so the computers
 couldn't have failed. Did you check for any instellear object interfering?"
     " There was what looked like an ivory shower earlier this morning in
 the Ivory solar system."
     " Where's that?"
	 " Less than a half lightyear from Galanti and Colony 12."
	 " So we wait. That probably ruined the signals coming through."
	 " No sir, it only looked like a meteor shower."
	 " What are you trying to say son?"
	 " It was moving at three quarters lightspeed."

 IV. Installation
 ----------------
    Installation of Epsilon Fighter varies depending on the package
 downloaded. If you downloaded the source package, you will need
 a C++ compiler such as GNU GCC 4. The game may or may not compile
 under GNU GCC 2.x/3.x. Compiling also requires the Simple DirectMedia
 Library (SDL, www.libsdl.org) and SDL_image (www.libsdl.org). SDL
 is needed for the graphics and input and SDL_image is used to load
 PNG files. If you are compiling SDL_image yourself, ensure PNG
 support is enabled, which requires the installation of zlib and
 libpng.
    If you are installing a binary package, simply run the installer.
    All data files are installed in $(PREFIX)/etc/epsilonfighter/ and
 all user-specific configuration files are stored in
 $(HOME)/.epsilonfighter/.
 
 V. How to Play
 -------------- 
    Epsilon Fighter has a unique style of play in which the player's
 ship always faces the top of the screen. Instead of the sprite rotating,
 the entire view rotates, simulating the dizzying effects of space
 dogfighting. Move the mouse left and right to rotate. Press the mouse
 button (primary button, usually the left button) to fire. Use mouse-
 wheel up and down to throttle, or use the 'w' and 's' keys (hold them
 down for a few seconds).
    Epsilon Fighter also uses somewhat realistic physics: your momentum
 matters. Don't accelerate quickly in one direction else you'll end up
 sliding off in that direction of space and take an equal amount of time
 to boost back. But, these physics can be used to your advantage too:
 use your booster (tab) and aim ahead in turns.
    The particulars of your mission will be given to you onscreen. The
 blue square at the bottom of your screen is your rectangle, and will
 highlight hostile enemies in red, with friendlies in white. Planets
 and other objects appear as bigger dots.

